[Music]
i
aaron wallace i'm under the permanent
custody of the state of new york being a
prison paralegal
representing fellow inmates that's my
only commodity serving a life sentence
for something i didn't do
being a lawyer proving my innocence
that's how i'm gonna get myself out of
here are you saying the district
attorney's office is racist
there's no question the system's broken
for anybody who doesn't have power or
money
maskins who's in a neck and neck battle
for attorney general against anya
harrison
every day every second i'm not that far
for you you didn't tell me aaron wallace
was going scorched earth on maskins
[Music]
it's gonna be a blessing dad but you
have to get out of here to be a part of
it
i'm gonna need you to let things cool
down till after the election that was
the deal we made with masking
i was hoping maybe you could do
something for me the only one i could
trust what is this all about
i told you it's best you don't know what
do you mean
my police file i'm going to sue the nypd
to release it
i see no reason to grant access why
would you even fight your case
i'd find another way the police refused
to give mr wallace the records from his
case
they're afraid even if he's guilty i
still want him out
for jazz or for you you know i want to
be with you i know you're going to
threaten to
revoke my privileges but you do that you
are not going to get there until i have
on the guards on the drug train
doesn't you think he knows you still
love dad i think he understands there
are different kinds of love
i thought you could have a look at my
file because you took my brother's case
is that why you took it to get to me all
i'm asking is for two hours
look it over it's not hard enough for
her he's not her father
he's not willing to take on that
responsibility maybe he should get out
of your bed
he's wallace we're here from the
district attorney's office we'd like you
to come with us
i got yourself a career as a nurse a new
man you are so much better off without
him
your husband is poisoned mrs wallace i
just can't fathom
why he would be helping him now you got
kids what would you do if someone came
along one day and tried to blow
everything up
everything you cared about man you think
aaron's gonna find some way out of this
now he's a lawyer
he's gonna suck you back in and you're
gonna take your eye off for everything
else that matters
so cop rings my doorbell and hands me
this your entire police file
this is a story how they got me this is
gonna get me home
we are cracking down on any kind of drug
trade while bill
is the main distributor but how he gets
him inside
a captain how don't you get your hands
on this what matters is that this can
get me my retrial we need to confront
this head-on
up the dogs up the security checks
people start no wonder you snitched you
got an aaron wallace problem i'm
difficult in me you want to catch this
guy you got to retreat make him feel
safe
if you don't you're gonna get me killed
that's my phone now
i got a name for you foster frank foster
captain up there after an exhaustive
search these last few days
i see no need to bring in osi or any
outside investigative
agency dad what are you doing here
belong to marie's mother you know aaron
never signed the divorce papers
he doesn't know how to leave you so you
gotta be the one to do it
how are we supposed to tell our people
we support a candidate whose wife
wants to take away their jobs so you
gotta fix this
get me my endorsement back turn over the
search for an application
angelo torres was the manager of my club
he was a key witness in my trial
and he was on that payroll the whole
time that guy
anytime he up for release he figured out
a way to get locked up
he ain't got nothing to lose there's no
reason to say that anything's gonna
happen for me anytime soon
and i can't ask you to wait this is my
table and you got the color section
right back there holy smokes pal what
happened to you
moral clarity you ought to try sometime
as long as we get them too pitted
against each other
we just wait and see who's standing
after the dust clears
we ruined people's lives how many lives
glenn while we were doing our job what's
up folks
you got any idea how it all went down
and starts to throw his weight around i
expect you to come to me mr barton
i'm an attorney i'm the reason you were
transferred here i'm here to see billy
he wrote me about a case
the election's in six weeks you need to
hit maskings i got the keys son who's
the horse papers i wanted to give you
these
a few days ago
i was three nazis in medical man also
got my burner you don't want to get
mixed up with him not coming back
i don't know i really don't
sort of just shake down frankie cell
they found the piece of bible
i'm not gonna let this blow up in my
face aaron well this is the right
i need you to go to foster get him to
testify captain foster
i understand you have information about
the incident even wallace
is working for are you talking about
cassius talking you need to do something
about it you
told us that you would i'd like to offer
my letter of resignation
i'll be out of your hair in two weeks i
think it's time to fight for a retrial
but i gotta know you're with me
all this stuff with the bible and the
warden you've been playing us
man you got a plan i guess to take him
out of here
cash has got a problem with me he got to
take it over me hey jamal
you got a riot in the gym all
departments initiate a full facility
lockdown
richardson she's not just another
witness she's the reason it started
and her father just so happens to be one
of masking's biggest donors
cyrus will be taking over until you're
here
three prisoners dead another 36
seriously entered you're a novice
mastery might
it looks just awful for sophia massery
and it's gotta roll downhill to her wife
and as the next attorney general he'll
fight to ensure that new york has the
most ethical
intelligent and nimble system of
criminal justice in the nation
if you're innocent you'll be given a
fair shake but if you're guilty
well then get ready for the fight of
your life ma'am
can you arrange all this meet me down
here
cassius dawkins thought you were a rap
put a hit on you
jamal convinced him he would do it
that's how he got the shift
if dawkins crew spreads that you're the
rat you're not gonna have any friends in
there you need to put him for a transfer
you switch judges you wanted someone
who's done it for me
come on that's got nothing to do with us
he was in danger i needed to warn him
you had to do it personally
i am responsible anya
mr barton mr rodriguez you may go
your testimony will not be required by
the court i need to call one more
witness
and who would that be her name is lexi
richardson
jamal bishop left on wallace's bed right
before the riot
and it proves that wallace had no idea
what bishop was planning and only went
to the gym
to stop the violence this is an
affidavit of daughter's high school
friends
according to her lexi's been doing drugs
since the 10th grade
and otherwise i'm gonna have to make
lexie go through all that when glenn
maskins came to the hospital on that
night
that he targeted me to gain access to
you
i don't know
mom what i think my water just broke
i'm sorry for what
but you lost no mention of aaron wallace
in speeches
no mention of a corrupt attorney general
the abundant enthusiasm
and confounding specificity with which
the district attorney pursued this case
i am compelled to find that a re-trial
is warranted
[Music]
but i guess your wife wasn't
particularly concerned with that she
went snooping through mexico's
confidential patient files
and that's a felony friend jamal bishop
he's gonna get charged with attempted
murder there's a self-defense argument
for that
no no our size guy abandon your efforts
at a retrial
in exchange i take it easy on your wife
then make sure your friend gets taken
care of diplomacy
not exoneration never call it time
served
and you can be out i'll still be a felon
it's a shame mr hunt had to go ahead and
end the lock down before your transfer
order was processed
now looks like it's going to be delayed
indefinitely
you